docs/scripts: Update Loki OSS release guide (#10646)
grafana/loki: docs/sources/community/maintaining/release/6-prepare-upgrade-guide.md

---
title: Prepare Upgrade guide
description: Prepare Upgrade guide
---
# Prepare Upgrade guide

> Upgrade guide records changes that require user attention or interaction to upgrade to specific Loki version from previous versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrade guide records changes that require user attention or interaction to upgrade to a specific Loki version from previous versions.
```

## Before you begin

> Know bit about how upgrade works in Grafana Loki.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The upgrade guide works as follows in Grafana Loki.
```

We have `setup/upgrade/_index.md` that records upgrade guide for every Loki releases.

## Steps

> 1. Make sure upgrade guide is up to date on `release-VERSION_PREFIX` branch under `Main/Unreleased` section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure the upgrade guide is up to date on the `release-VERSION_PREFIX` branch under the `Main/Unreleased` section.
```
